Update health-checks.md (#29199)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/health-checks.md

### Configure health checks execution interval

> Health checks are executed immediately when `Check` is called. The `Watch` is a streaming method has different behavior. The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks, and then health checks are run again every 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health checks are executed immediately when `Check` is called. `Watch` is a streaming method and has a different behavior than `Check`: The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks, and then health checks are run again every 30 seconds.
```

Reviewer: @JamesNK, this sentence had a typo I think.  Is this suggestion more along the lines of what you intended?

> Health checks are executed immediately when `Check` is called. `Watch` is a streaming method and has a different behavior than `Check`: The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks, and then health checks are run again every 30 seconds.

Reviewer 2: Style guide: avoid execute, use only when needed.

Long sentences are difficult to MT and difficult to parse by native readers.

```suggestion
Health checks are run immediately when `Check` is called. `Watch` is a streaming method and has a different behavior than `Check`: The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher:

* Waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks.
* Runs health checks every 30 seconds.
```

Reviewer 2: That change is under `:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-6.0"`

Author: No need. This applies to all versions.

### Configure health checks execution interval

> Health checks are executed immediately when `Check` is called. The `Watch` is a streaming method has different behavior. The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks, and then health checks are run again every 30 seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
Health checks are executed immediately when `Check` is called. `Watch` is a streaming method and has a different behavior than `Check`: The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks, and then health checks are run again every 30 seconds.
```

### Configure health checks execution interval

> Health checks are executed immediately when `Check` is called. `Watch` is a streaming method and has a different behavior than `Check`: The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks, and then health checks are run again every 30 seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
Health checks are run immediately when `Check` is called. `Watch` is a streaming method and has a different behavior than `Check`: The long running stream reports health checks results over time by periodically executing <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.IHealthCheckPublisher> to gather health results. By default, the publisher:

* Waits 5 seconds after app startup before running health checks.
* Runs health checks every 30 seconds.
```
